app_service_slot/README.md, before:

# App service slot

This module allow the creation of app service slots.
In terraform output you can get the the slot's name and id.

## How to use it
Use the example Terraform template, saved in `./tests`, to test this module  and get some advices.

## How to migrate from `azurerm_app_service_slot` to `azurerm_linux_web_app_slot`
The script tests/migrate.sh will remove and import the deprecated resources as new ones.
You need to know the resource old and new names.
```
e.g.
# app_service resources to migrate
cd tests
./migrate.sh module.web_app_service_docker.azurerm_app_service.this module.web_app_service_docker.azurerm_linux_web_app.this
./migrate.sh azurerm_app_service_plan.app_docker azurerm_service_plan.app_docker

# app_service_slot resource to migrate
./migrate.sh module.web_app_service_slot_docker.azurerm_app_service_slot.this module.web_app_service_slot_docker.azurerm_linux_web_app_slot.this
```

## Note about migrating from `azurerm_app_service_slot` to `azurerm_linux_web_app_slot`

Since the resource `azurerm_app_service_slot` has been deprecated in version 3.0 of the AzureRM provider, the newer `azurerm_linux_web_app_slot` resource is used in this module, thus the following variables have been:

removed:
- os_type
- app_service_plan_info/sku_tier
- linux_fx_version
- app_service_plan_id

replaced:
- min_tls_version -> minimum_tls_version
- client_cert_enabled -> client_certificate_enabled

## How to configure the Linux framework

Don't use `linux_fx_version` anymore.
Now you need to specify **only** one variable of the following list:
- docker - (Optional) One or more docker blocks as defined below.
- dotnet_version - (Optional) The version of .NET to use. Possible values include 3.1, 6.0 and 7.0.
- use_dotnet_isolated_runtime - (Optional) Should the DotNet process use an isolated runtime. Defaults to false.
- java_version - (Optional) The Version of Java to use. Supported versions include 8, 11 & 17 (In-Preview).
- node_version - (Optional) The version of Node to run. Possible values include 12, 14, 16 and 18.
- python_version - (Optional) The version of Python to run. Possible values are 3.10, 3.9, 3.8 and 3.7.
- powershell_core_version - (Optional) The version of PowerShell Core to run. Possible values are 7, and 7.2.
- use_custom_runtime - (Optional) Should the Linux Function App use a custom runtime?

Of course, the values listed above may change in the future, so please check which ones are still valid.

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.39 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_app_service_slot_virtual_network_swift_connection.app_service_virtual_network_swift_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/app_service_slot_virtual_network_swift_connection) | resource |
| [azurerm_linux_web_app_slot.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_web_app_slot) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_allowed_ips"></a> [allowed\_ips](#input\_allowed\_ips) | (Optional) List of ips allowed to call the appserver endpoint. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_allowed_subnets"></a> [allowed\_subnets](#input\_allowed\_subnets) | (Optional) List of subnet allowed to call the appserver endpoint. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_always_on"></a> [always\_on](#input\_always\_on) | (Optional) Should the app be loaded at all times? Defaults to false. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_app_command_line"></a> [app\_command\_line](#input\_app\_command\_line) | (Optional) App command line to launch, e.g. /sbin/myserver -b 0.0.0.0. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_app_service_id"></a> [app\_service\_id](#input\_app\_service\_id) | (Required) The id of the App Service within which to create the App Service Slot. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_service_name"></a> [app\_service\_name](#input\_app\_service\_name) | (Required) The name of the App Service within which to create the App Service Slot. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_settings"></a> [app\_settings](#input\_app\_settings) | n/a | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_client_affinity_enabled"></a> [client\_affinity\_enabled](#input\_client\_affinity\_enabled) | (Optional) Should the App Service send session affinity cookies, which route client requests in the same session to the same instance? Defaults to false. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_client_certificate_enabled"></a> [client\_certificate\_enabled](#input\_client\_certificate\_enabled) | Should the function app use Client Certificates | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_docker_image"></a> [docker\_image](#input\_docker\_image) | Framework choice | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_docker_image_tag"></a> [docker\_image\_tag](#input\_docker\_image\_tag) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dotnet_version"></a> [dotnet\_version](#input\_dotnet\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_ftps_state"></a> [ftps\_state](#input\_ftps\_state) | (Optional) Enable FTPS connection ( Default: Disabled ) | `string` | `"Disabled"` | no |
| <a name="input_go_version"></a> [go\_version](#input\_go\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_health_check_path"></a> [health\_check\_path](#input\_health\_check\_path) | (Optional) The health check path to be pinged by App Service. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_https_only"></a> [https\_only](#input\_https\_only) | (Optional) Can the App Service only be accessed via HTTPS? Defaults to true. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_java_server"></a> [java\_server](#input\_java\_server) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_java_server_version"></a> [java\_server\_version](#input\_java\_server\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_java_version"></a> [java\_version](#input\_java\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | `"westeurope"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | (Required) Specifies the name of the App Service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_node_version"></a> [node\_version](#input\_node\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_php_version"></a> [php\_version](#input\_php\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_python_version"></a> [python\_version](#input\_python\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the App Service and App Service Plan. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ruby_version"></a> [ruby\_version](#input\_ruby\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#input\_subnet\_id) | (Optional) Subnet id wether you want to integrate the app service to a subnet. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_use_32_bit_worker_process"></a> [use\_32\_bit\_worker\_process](#input\_use\_32\_bit\_worker\_process) | (Optional) Should the App Service Slot run in 32 bit mode, rather than 64 bit mode? Defaults to false. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vnet_integration"></a> [vnet\_integration](#input\_vnet\_integration) | (optional) enable vnet integration. Wheter it's true the subnet\_id should not be null. | `bool` | `false` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_default_site_hostname"></a> [default\_site\_hostname](#output\_default\_site\_hostname) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_principal_id"></a> [principal\_id](#output\_principal\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

fix: Add variable to AppService modules to drive public connectivity (#322)
add vars

app_service_slot/README.md, after:

# App service slot

This module allow the creation of app service slots.
In terraform output you can get the the slot's name and id.

## How to use it
Use the example Terraform template, saved in `./tests`, to test this module  and get some advices.

## How to migrate from `azurerm_app_service_slot` to `azurerm_linux_web_app_slot`
The script tests/migrate.sh will remove and import the deprecated resources as new ones.
You need to know the resource old and new names.
```
e.g.
# app_service resources to migrate
cd tests
./migrate.sh module.web_app_service_docker.azurerm_app_service.this module.web_app_service_docker.azurerm_linux_web_app.this
./migrate.sh azurerm_app_service_plan.app_docker azurerm_service_plan.app_docker

# app_service_slot resource to migrate
./migrate.sh module.web_app_service_slot_docker.azurerm_app_service_slot.this module.web_app_service_slot_docker.azurerm_linux_web_app_slot.this
```

## Note about migrating from `azurerm_app_service_slot` to `azurerm_linux_web_app_slot`

Since the resource `azurerm_app_service_slot` has been deprecated in version 3.0 of the AzureRM provider, the newer `azurerm_linux_web_app_slot` resource is used in this module, thus the following variables have been:

removed:
- os_type
- app_service_plan_info/sku_tier
- linux_fx_version
- app_service_plan_id

replaced:
- min_tls_version -> minimum_tls_version
- client_cert_enabled -> client_certificate_enabled

## How to configure the Linux framework

Don't use `linux_fx_version` anymore.
Now you need to specify **only** one variable of the following list:
- docker - (Optional) One or more docker blocks as defined below.
- dotnet_version - (Optional) The version of .NET to use. Possible values include 3.1, 6.0 and 7.0.
- use_dotnet_isolated_runtime - (Optional) Should the DotNet process use an isolated runtime. Defaults to false.
- java_version - (Optional) The Version of Java to use. Supported versions include 8, 11 & 17 (In-Preview).
- node_version - (Optional) The version of Node to run. Possible values include 12, 14, 16 and 18.
- python_version - (Optional) The version of Python to run. Possible values are 3.10, 3.9, 3.8 and 3.7.
- powershell_core_version - (Optional) The version of PowerShell Core to run. Possible values are 7, and 7.2.
- use_custom_runtime - (Optional) Should the Linux Function App use a custom runtime?

Of course, the values listed above may change in the future, so please check which ones are still valid.

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.39 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_app_service_slot_virtual_network_swift_connection.app_service_virtual_network_swift_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/app_service_slot_virtual_network_swift_connection) | resource |
| [azurerm_linux_web_app_slot.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_web_app_slot) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_allowed_ips"></a> [allowed\_ips](#input\_allowed\_ips) | (Optional) List of ips allowed to call the appserver endpoint. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_allowed_subnets"></a> [allowed\_subnets](#input\_allowed\_subnets) | (Optional) List of subnet allowed to call the appserver endpoint. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_always_on"></a> [always\_on](#input\_always\_on) | (Optional) Should the app be loaded at all times? Defaults to false. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_app_command_line"></a> [app\_command\_line](#input\_app\_command\_line) | (Optional) App command line to launch, e.g. /sbin/myserver -b 0.0.0.0. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_app_service_id"></a> [app\_service\_id](#input\_app\_service\_id) | (Required) The id of the App Service within which to create the App Service Slot. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_service_name"></a> [app\_service\_name](#input\_app\_service\_name) | (Required) The name of the App Service within which to create the App Service Slot. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_app_settings"></a> [app\_settings](#input\_app\_settings) | n/a | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_client_affinity_enabled"></a> [client\_affinity\_enabled](#input\_client\_affinity\_enabled) | (Optional) Should the App Service send session affinity cookies, which route client requests in the same session to the same instance? Defaults to false. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_client_certificate_enabled"></a> [client\_certificate\_enabled](#input\_client\_certificate\_enabled) | Should the function app use Client Certificates | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_docker_image"></a> [docker\_image](#input\_docker\_image) | Framework choice | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_docker_image_tag"></a> [docker\_image\_tag](#input\_docker\_image\_tag) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dotnet_version"></a> [dotnet\_version](#input\_dotnet\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_ftps_state"></a> [ftps\_state](#input\_ftps\_state) | (Optional) Enable FTPS connection ( Default: Disabled ) | `string` | `"Disabled"` | no |
| <a name="input_go_version"></a> [go\_version](#input\_go\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_health_check_path"></a> [health\_check\_path](#input\_health\_check\_path) | (Optional) The health check path to be pinged by App Service. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_https_only"></a> [https\_only](#input\_https\_only) | (Optional) Can the App Service only be accessed via HTTPS? Defaults to true. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_java_server"></a> [java\_server](#input\_java\_server) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_java_server_version"></a> [java\_server\_version](#input\_java\_server\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_java_version"></a> [java\_version](#input\_java\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | `"westeurope"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | (Required) Specifies the name of the App Service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_node_version"></a> [node\_version](#input\_node\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_php_version"></a> [php\_version](#input\_php\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled) | (Optional) Should public network access be enabled for the App Service. Defaults to true. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_python_version"></a> [python\_version](#input\_python\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the App Service and App Service Plan. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ruby_version"></a> [ruby\_version](#input\_ruby\_version) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#input\_subnet\_id) | (Optional) Subnet id wether you want to integrate the app service to a subnet. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_use_32_bit_worker_process"></a> [use\_32\_bit\_worker\_process](#input\_use\_32\_bit\_worker\_process) | (Optional) Should the App Service Slot run in 32 bit mode, rather than 64 bit mode? Defaults to false. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_vnet_integration"></a> [vnet\_integration](#input\_vnet\_integration) | (optional) enable vnet integration. Wheter it's true the subnet\_id should not be null. | `bool` | `false` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_default_site_hostname"></a> [default\_site\_hostname](#output\_default\_site\_hostname) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_principal_id"></a> [principal\_id](#output\_principal\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
