README.md, before:

# azurerm modules

[![Static Analysis](https://github.com/pagopa/azurerm/actions/workflows/static_analysis.yml/badge.svg?branch=main&event=push)](https://github.com/pagopa/azurerm/actions/workflows/static_analysis.yml)

Terraform Azure modules

## Semantic versioning

This repo use standard semantic versioning according to <https://www.conventionalcommits.org>.

We use keywords in PR title to determinate next release version.

If first commit it's different from PR title you must add at least a second commit.

Due this issue <https://github.com/semantic-release/commit-analyzer/issues/231> use `breaking` keyword to trigger a major change release.

## Precommit checks

### tfenv setup

Set the terraform version with tfenv, before launch pre-commit to avoid errors

```bash
tfenv use <x.y.x>
```

### Run pre-commit on local machine

Check your code before commit.

<https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform#how-to-install>

```sh
# for terraform modules we need to initialize them with
bash .utils/terraform_run_all.sh init local
pre-commit run -a
```

## Migration from azurerm v2

If you use this modules as replace for the olds modules v2.
Please follow this list [Migration List](docs/MIGRATION_FROM_V2.md), and read for each module the README to understand wich procedure you need to follow to execute the migration

Commit message:

fix: Generic guide for components that are not modules (#18)
* added azurerm_public_ip migration guide

* added azurerm_application_insights notes

* updated docs

* updated docs

* docs updated

* minor fix

README.md, after:

# azurerm modules

[![Static Analysis](https://github.com/pagopa/azurerm/actions/workflows/static_analysis.yml/badge.svg?branch=main&event=push)](https://github.com/pagopa/azurerm/actions/workflows/static_analysis.yml)

Terraform Azure modules

## Semantic versioning

This repo use standard semantic versioning according to <https://www.conventionalcommits.org>.

We use keywords in PR title to determinate next release version.

If first commit it's different from PR title you must add at least a second commit.

Due this issue <https://github.com/semantic-release/commit-analyzer/issues/231> use `breaking` keyword to trigger a major change release.

## Precommit checks

### tfenv setup

Set the terraform version with tfenv, before launch pre-commit to avoid errors

```bash
tfenv use <x.y.x>
```

### Run pre-commit on local machine

Check your code before commit.

<https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform#how-to-install>

```sh
# for terraform modules we need to initialize them with
bash .utils/terraform_run_all.sh init local
pre-commit run -a
```

## Migration from azurerm v2

If you use this modules as replace for the olds modules v2.
Please follow this list [Migration List](docs/MIGRATION_FROM_V2.md), and read for each module the README to understand wich procedure you need to follow to execute the migration.

### Migration of resources (not modules)

Follow this guide for all this resources that are not a module [Migration resources](docs/MIGRATION_GUIDE_GENERIC_RESOURCES.md)
