azure_devops_agent_custom_image/README.md, before:

# Azure devops agent custom image
This module allow to create a custom linux image and store it in the provided resource group

## Prerequisite

Install packer [here](https://developer.hashicorp.com/packer/tutorials/docker-get-started/get-started-install-cli)


## How to use

This module must be runned manually to create the image that will be later used

This module uses interactive authentication to access your target subscription. While running terraform be sure to check for the authentication code and link to enable packer to access your subscription
you will be prompted with a message like the following

```
module.azdoa_custom_image.null_resource.build_packer_image (local-exec): ==> azure-arm.ubuntu: Microsoft Azure: To sign in, use a web browser to open the page https://microsoft.com/devicelogin and enter the code CTJELKS6T to authenticate.
```

you will be asked for auth access two times at the beginning of the build

Then, you can simply pick up the built image name from the log, and configure it to be used as base image for your vm or scale set
The image name will be found in the logs, in the following line

```
module.azdoa_custom_image.null_resource.build_packer_image (local-exec): ManagedImageName: my_image_name-v3
```

**NB:** the build may fail because it's not able to locate some package; you simply need to try it again 

Example:
```hcl
data "azurerm_resource_group" "resource_group" {
  name = "${local.project}-azdoa-rg"
}

module "azdoa_custom_image" {
  source              = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//azure_devops_agent_custom_image?ref=<version>"
  resource_group_name = data.azurerm_resource_group.resource_group.name
  location            = var.location
  image_name          = "my_image_name"
  image_version       = "v1"
  subscription_id     = data.azurerm_subscription.current.subscription_id
}

```



<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | <= 3.2.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [null_resource.build_packer_image](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_base_image_offer"></a> [base\_image\_offer](#input\_base\_image\_offer) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"0001-com-ubuntu-server-jammy"` | no |
| <a name="input_base_image_publisher"></a> [base\_image\_publisher](#input\_base\_image\_publisher) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"Canonical"` | no |
| <a name="input_base_image_sku"></a> [base\_image\_sku](#input\_base\_image\_sku) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"22_04-lts-gen2"` | no |
| <a name="input_base_image_version"></a> [base\_image\_version](#input\_base\_image\_version) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"latest"` | no |
| <a name="input_force_replacement"></a> [force\_replacement](#input\_force\_replacement) | (Optional) Wheather if the image should be deleted and recreated even if already existing | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_image_name"></a> [image\_name](#input\_image\_name) | (Required) name assigned to the generated image. Note that the pair <image\_name, image\_version> must be unique and not already existing | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_image_version"></a> [image\_version](#input\_image\_version) | (Required) Version assigned to the generated image. Note that the pair <image\_name, image\_version> must be unique and not already existing | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the custom image will be created | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subscription_id"></a> [subscription\_id](#input\_subscription\_id) | (Required) Azure subscription id | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vm_sku"></a> [vm\_sku](#input\_vm\_sku) | (Optional) Size of VMs in the scale set. Default to Standard\_B1s. See https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/virtual-machines/ for size info. | `string` | `"Standard_B1s"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_custom_image_id"></a> [custom\_image\_id](#output\_custom\_image\_id) | Azure id of the custom image you just created |
| <a name="output_custom_image_name"></a> [custom\_image\_name](#output\_custom\_image\_name) | Name of the created image |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat: Build packer with principal (#164)

azure_devops_agent_custom_image/README.md, after:

# Azure devops agent custom image
This module allow to create a custom linux image and store it in the provided resource group

## Prerequisite

Install packer [here](https://developer.hashicorp.com/packer/tutorials/docker-get-started/get-started-install-cli)


## How to use

This module must be runned manually to create the image that will be later used

The final image is built in a temporary resource group, named after the build resource group name passed in input, combined with a random code. This resource group, for technical limitations, is kept in the subscription and deleted upon the next image build (the image name/version has to change in order to trigger the deletion)

Once done, you can simply pick up the built image name from the log, and configure it to be used as base image for your vm or scale set
The image name will be found in the logs, in the following line

```
module.azdoa_custom_image.null_resource.build_packer_image (local-exec): ManagedImageName: my_image_name-v3
```

**NB:** the build may fail because it's not able to locate some package; you simply need to try it again 

Example:
```hcl
data "azurerm_resource_group" "resource_group" {
  name = "${local.project}-azdoa-rg"
}

module "azdoa_custom_image" {
  source              = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//azure_devops_agent_custom_image?ref=<version>"
  resource_group_name = data.azurerm_resource_group.resource_group.name
  location            = var.location
  image_name          = "my_image_name"
  image_version       = "v1"
  subscription_id     = data.azurerm_subscription.current.subscription_id
  prefix              = "devopla"
  
  tags = var.tags
}

```



<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | <= 3.2.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azuread_application.packer_application](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/application) | resource |
| [azuread_application_password.velero_application_password](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/application_password) | resource |
| [azuread_service_principal.packer_sp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/service_principal) | resource |
| [azuread_service_principal_password.packer_principal_password](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/resources/service_principal_password) | resource |
| [azurerm_resource_group.build_rg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.packer_sp_build_rg_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.packer_sp_rg_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.packer_sp_sub_reader_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [null_resource.build_packer_image](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [random_id.rg_randomizer](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |
| [azuread_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |
| [azurerm_resource_group.target_resource_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resource_group) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_base_image_offer"></a> [base\_image\_offer](#input\_base\_image\_offer) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"0001-com-ubuntu-server-jammy"` | no |
| <a name="input_base_image_publisher"></a> [base\_image\_publisher](#input\_base\_image\_publisher) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"Canonical"` | no |
| <a name="input_base_image_sku"></a> [base\_image\_sku](#input\_base\_image\_sku) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"22_04-lts-gen2"` | no |
| <a name="input_base_image_version"></a> [base\_image\_version](#input\_base\_image\_version) | (Optional) - https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine_scale_set#source_image_reference | `string` | `"latest"` | no |
| <a name="input_build_rg_name"></a> [build\_rg\_name](#input\_build\_rg\_name) | (Optional) Packer build temporary resource group name | `string` | `"tmp-packer-build"` | no |
| <a name="input_force_replacement"></a> [force\_replacement](#input\_force\_replacement) | (Optional) Wheather if the image should be deleted and recreated even if already existing | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_image_name"></a> [image\_name](#input\_image\_name) | (Required) name assigned to the generated image. Note that the pair <image\_name, image\_version> must be unique and not already existing | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_image_version"></a> [image\_version](#input\_image\_version) | (Required) Version assigned to the generated image. Note that the pair <image\_name, image\_version> must be unique and not already existing | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | (Required) prefix used in resource creation | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the custom image will be created | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subscription_id"></a> [subscription\_id](#input\_subscription\_id) | (Required) Azure subscription id | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vm_sku"></a> [vm\_sku](#input\_vm\_sku) | (Optional) Size of VMs in the scale set. Default to Standard\_B1s. See https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/virtual-machines/ for size info. | `string` | `"Standard_B1s"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_custom_image_id"></a> [custom\_image\_id](#output\_custom\_image\_id) | Azure id of the custom image you just created |
| <a name="output_custom_image_name"></a> [custom\_image\_name](#output\_custom\_image\_name) | Name of the created image |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
