api_management_api/README.md, before:

# api management api

This module allow the creation of api management product, and associate to a groups and create policy if requested

## Architecture

![This is an image](./docs/module-arch.drawio.png)

## How to use it

```ts
locals {
  apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api = {
    # params for all api versions
    display_name          = "Webapp Python Alpha api"
    description           = "Webapp Python Alpha api"
    path                  = "webapp-python-alpha"
    subscription_required = false
    service_url           = "http://mock-aks/webapp-python-alpha"
    api_name              = "${var.env}-webapp-python-alpha-api"
  }
}

# resource "azurerm_api_management_api_version_set" "apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api" {
#   name                = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.api_name
#   resource_group_name = module.apim.resource_group_name
#   api_management_name = module.apim.name
#   display_name        = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.display_name
#   versioning_scheme   = "Segment"
# }

module "apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api_v1" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//api_management_api?ref=v8.8.0"

  name                  = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.api_name
  api_management_name   = module.apim.name
  product_ids           = [module.apim_product_devopslab.product_id]
  subscription_required = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.subscription_required
  # version_set_id        = azurerm_api_management_api_version_set.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.id
  # api_version           = "v1"
  service_url         = "${local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.service_url}/"
  resource_group_name = module.apim.resource_group_name

  description  = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.description
  display_name = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.display_name
  path         = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.path
  protocols    = ["https"]

  content_format = "openapi"
  content_value = templatefile("./api/devopslab/webapp-python/openapi_webapp_python.json.tftpl", {
    projectName = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.display_name
  })

  xml_content = file("./api/devopslab/webapp-python/_base_policy.xml")
}

```

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.30 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_api_management_api.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_api) | resource |
| [azurerm_api_management_api_operation_policy.api_operation_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_api_operation_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_api_management_api_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_api_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_api_management_product_api.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_product_api) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_api_management_name"></a> [api\_management\_name](#input\_api\_management\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_api_operation_policies"></a> [api\_operation\_policies](#input\_api\_operation\_policies) | List of api policy for given operation. | <pre>list(object({<br>    operation_id = string<br>    xml_content  = string<br>    }<br>  ))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#input\_api\_version) | The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_content_format"></a> [content\_format](#input\_content\_format) | The format of the content from which the API Definition should be imported. | `string` | `"swagger-json"` | no |
| <a name="input_content_value"></a> [content\_value](#input\_content\_value) | The Content from which the API Definition should be imported. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_display_name"></a> [display\_name](#input\_display\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_oauth2_authorization"></a> [oauth2\_authorization](#input\_oauth2\_authorization) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    authorization_server_name = string<br>    }<br>  )</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "authorization_server_name": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_path"></a> [path](#input\_path) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_product_ids"></a> [product\_ids](#input\_product\_ids) | n/a | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_protocols"></a> [protocols](#input\_protocols) | n/a | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_revision"></a> [revision](#input\_revision) | n/a | `string` | `"1"` | no |
| <a name="input_revision_description"></a> [revision\_description](#input\_revision\_description) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_service_url"></a> [service\_url](#input\_service\_url) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subscription_required"></a> [subscription\_required](#input\_subscription\_required) | Should this API require a subscription key? | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_version_set_id"></a> [version\_set\_id](#input\_version\_set\_id) | The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_xml_content"></a> [xml\_content](#input\_xml\_content) | The XML Content for this Policy as a string | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

fix: Apim api resource - add api_type attribute (#321)
apim-api: add api_type attribute

api_management_api/README.md, after:

# api management api

This module allow the creation of api management product, and associate to a groups and create policy if requested

## Architecture

![This is an image](./docs/module-arch.drawio.png)

## How to use it

```ts
locals {
  apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api = {
    # params for all api versions
    display_name          = "Webapp Python Alpha api"
    description           = "Webapp Python Alpha api"
    path                  = "webapp-python-alpha"
    subscription_required = false
    service_url           = "http://mock-aks/webapp-python-alpha"
    api_name              = "${var.env}-webapp-python-alpha-api"
  }
}

# resource "azurerm_api_management_api_version_set" "apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api" {
#   name                = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.api_name
#   resource_group_name = module.apim.resource_group_name
#   api_management_name = module.apim.name
#   display_name        = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.display_name
#   versioning_scheme   = "Segment"
# }

module "apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api_v1" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//api_management_api?ref=v8.8.0"

  name                  = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.api_name
  api_management_name   = module.apim.name
  product_ids           = [module.apim_product_devopslab.product_id]
  subscription_required = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.subscription_required
  # version_set_id        = azurerm_api_management_api_version_set.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.id
  # api_version           = "v1"
  service_url         = "${local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.service_url}/"
  resource_group_name = module.apim.resource_group_name

  description  = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.description
  display_name = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.display_name
  path         = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.path
  protocols    = ["https"]

  content_format = "openapi"
  content_value = templatefile("./api/devopslab/webapp-python/openapi_webapp_python.json.tftpl", {
    projectName = local.apim_devopslab_webapp_python_alpha_api.display_name
  })

  xml_content = file("./api/devopslab/webapp-python/_base_policy.xml")
}

```

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.30 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_api_management_api.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_api) | resource |
| [azurerm_api_management_api_operation_policy.api_operation_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_api_operation_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_api_management_api_policy.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_api_policy) | resource |
| [azurerm_api_management_product_api.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/api_management_product_api) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_api_management_name"></a> [api\_management\_name](#input\_api\_management\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_api_operation_policies"></a> [api\_operation\_policies](#input\_api\_operation\_policies) | List of api policy for given operation. | <pre>list(object({<br>    operation_id = string<br>    xml_content  = string<br>    }<br>  ))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_api_type"></a> [api\_type](#input\_api\_type) | (Optional) Type of API. Possible values are graphql, http, soap, and websocket. Defaults to http. | `string` | `"http"` | no |
| <a name="input_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#input\_api\_version) | The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_content_format"></a> [content\_format](#input\_content\_format) | The format of the content from which the API Definition should be imported. | `string` | `"swagger-json"` | no |
| <a name="input_content_value"></a> [content\_value](#input\_content\_value) | The Content from which the API Definition should be imported. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_display_name"></a> [display\_name](#input\_display\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_oauth2_authorization"></a> [oauth2\_authorization](#input\_oauth2\_authorization) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    authorization_server_name = string<br>    }<br>  )</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "authorization_server_name": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_path"></a> [path](#input\_path) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_product_ids"></a> [product\_ids](#input\_product\_ids) | n/a | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_protocols"></a> [protocols](#input\_protocols) | n/a | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_revision"></a> [revision](#input\_revision) | n/a | `string` | `"1"` | no |
| <a name="input_revision_description"></a> [revision\_description](#input\_revision\_description) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_service_url"></a> [service\_url](#input\_service\_url) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subscription_required"></a> [subscription\_required](#input\_subscription\_required) | Should this API require a subscription key? | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_version_set_id"></a> [version\_set\_id](#input\_version\_set\_id) | The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_xml_content"></a> [xml\_content](#input\_xml\_content) | The XML Content for this Policy as a string | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
