azure_devops_agent/README.md, before:

# Azure devops agent

This module allow to create an azure devops agent (vm scale set), and inside the folder scripts has a lot of utilities

## How to use

```ts
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "azdo_rg" {
  count    = var.enable_azdoa ? 1 : 0
  name     = local.azuredevops_rg_name
  location = var.location

  tags = var.tags
}

module "azdoa_snet" {
  source                                    = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//subnet?ref=v3.15.0"
  count                                     = var.enable_azdoa ? 1 : 0
  name                                      = local.azuredevops_subnet_name
  address_prefixes                          = var.cidr_subnet_azdoa
  resource_group_name                       = azurerm_resource_group.rg_vnet.name
  virtual_network_name                      = module.vnet.name
  private_endpoint_network_policies_enabled = true
}

module "azdoa_vmss_li" {
  source              = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//azure_devops_agent?ref=v3.15.0"
  count               = var.enable_azdoa ? 1 : 0
  name                = local.azuredevops_agent_vm_name
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.azdo_rg[0].name
  subnet_id           = module.azdoa_snet[0].id
  subscription        = data.azurerm_subscription.current.display_name

  tags = var.tags
}


```

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.30.0, <= 3.53.0 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | <= 3.2.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | 3.2.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [null_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_authentication_type"></a> [authentication\_type](#input\_authentication\_type) | (Required) Type of authentication to use with the VM. Defaults to password for Windows and SSH public key for Linux. all enables both ssh and password authentication. | `string` | `"SSH"` | no |
| <a name="input_encryption_set_id"></a> [encryption\_set\_id](#input\_encryption\_set\_id) | (Optional) An existing encryption set | `string` | `"\"\""` | no |
| <a name="input_image"></a> [image](#input\_image) | (Optional) The name of the operating system image as a URN alias, URN, custom image name or ID, or VHD blob URI. Valid URN format: Publisher:Offer:Sku:Version. | `string` | `"UbuntuLTS"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | (Required) The name of the Linux Virtual Machine Scale Set. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the Linux Virtual Machine Scale Set should be exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_storage_sku"></a> [storage\_sku](#input\_storage\_sku) | (Optional) The SKU of the storage account with which to persist VM. Use a singular sku that would be applied across all disks, or specify individual disks. Usage: [--storage-sku SKU \| --storage-sku ID=SKU ID=SKU ID=SKU...], where each ID is os or a 0-indexed lun. Allowed values: Standard\_LRS, Premium\_LRS, StandardSSD\_LRS, UltraSSD\_LRS, Premium\_ZRS, StandardSSD\_ZRS. | `string` | `"StandardSSD_LRS"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#input\_subnet\_id) | (Required) An existing subnet ID | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subscription"></a> [subscription](#input\_subscription) | (Required) Azure subscription | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vm_sku"></a> [vm\_sku](#input\_vm\_sku) | (Optional) Size of VMs in the scale set. Default to Standard\_B1s. See https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/virtual-machines/ for size info. | `string` | `"Standard_B1s"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

split scale set creation between crypted and not crypted os disk to avoid error

azure_devops_agent/README.md, after:

# Azure devops agent

This module allow to create an azure devops agent (vm scale set), and inside the folder scripts has a lot of utilities

## How to use

```ts
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "azdo_rg" {
  count    = var.enable_azdoa ? 1 : 0
  name     = local.azuredevops_rg_name
  location = var.location

  tags = var.tags
}

module "azdoa_snet" {
  source                                    = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//subnet?ref=v3.15.0"
  count                                     = var.enable_azdoa ? 1 : 0
  name                                      = local.azuredevops_subnet_name
  address_prefixes                          = var.cidr_subnet_azdoa
  resource_group_name                       = azurerm_resource_group.rg_vnet.name
  virtual_network_name                      = module.vnet.name
  private_endpoint_network_policies_enabled = true
}

module "azdoa_vmss_li" {
  source              = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//azure_devops_agent?ref=v3.15.0"
  count               = var.enable_azdoa ? 1 : 0
  name                = local.azuredevops_agent_vm_name
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.azdo_rg[0].name
  subnet_id           = module.azdoa_snet[0].id
  subscription        = data.azurerm_subscription.current.display_name
  enable_disk_encryption = false
  tags = var.tags
}


```

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.30.0, <= 3.53.0 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | <= 3.2.1 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | 3.2.1 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [null_resource.this_encrypted](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.this_not_encrypted](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_authentication_type"></a> [authentication\_type](#input\_authentication\_type) | (Required) Type of authentication to use with the VM. Defaults to password for Windows and SSH public key for Linux. all enables both ssh and password authentication. | `string` | `"SSH"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_disk_encryption"></a> [enable\_disk\_encryption](#input\_enable\_disk\_encryption) | Whether to add os disk encription to the scale set instances, defaults to `false` | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_encryption_set_id"></a> [encryption\_set\_id](#input\_encryption\_set\_id) | (Optional) An existing encryption set | `string` | `"\"\""` | no |
| <a name="input_image"></a> [image](#input\_image) | (Optional) The name of the operating system image as a URN alias, URN, custom image name or ID, or VHD blob URI. Valid URN format: Publisher:Offer:Sku:Version. | `string` | `"Ubuntu2204"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | (Required) The name of the Linux Virtual Machine Scale Set. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the Linux Virtual Machine Scale Set should be exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_storage_sku"></a> [storage\_sku](#input\_storage\_sku) | (Optional) The SKU of the storage account with which to persist VM. Use a singular sku that would be applied across all disks, or specify individual disks. Usage: [--storage-sku SKU \| --storage-sku ID=SKU ID=SKU ID=SKU...], where each ID is os or a 0-indexed lun. Allowed values: Standard\_LRS, Premium\_LRS, StandardSSD\_LRS, UltraSSD\_LRS, Premium\_ZRS, StandardSSD\_ZRS. | `string` | `"StandardSSD_LRS"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#input\_subnet\_id) | (Required) An existing subnet ID | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subscription"></a> [subscription](#input\_subscription) | (Required) Azure subscription | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vm_sku"></a> [vm\_sku](#input\_vm\_sku) | (Optional) Size of VMs in the scale set. Default to Standard\_B1s. See https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/virtual-machines/ for size info. | `string` | `"Standard_B1s"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
