redis_cache/README.md, before:

# Redis cache

This module allows the creation of a redis cache

## How to use

```ts
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "redis" {
  name     = "${local.project}-redis-rg"
  location = var.location
  tags     = var.tags
}

## redisbase subnet
module "redis_snet" {
  source               = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//subnet?ref=v8.8.0"
  name                 = "${local.project}-redis-snet"
  address_prefixes     = var.cidr_subnet_redis
  resource_group_name  = azurerm_resource_group.rg_vnet.name
  virtual_network_name = module.vnet.name
}

module "redis" {
  count                 = var.redis_enabled ? 1 : 0
  source                = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//redis_cache?ref=v8.8.0"
  name                  = "${local.project}-redis"
  resource_group_name   = azurerm_resource_group.redis.name
  location              = azurerm_resource_group.redis.location
  capacity              = 1
  enable_non_ssl_port   = false
  family                = "P"
  sku_name              = "Premium"
  enable_authentication = true

  private_endpoint = {
    enabled              = true
    virtual_network_id   = module.vnet.id
    subnet_id            = module.redis_snet.id
    private_dns_zone_ids = [azurerm_private_dns_zone.internal_devopslab[0].id]
  }

  tags = var.tags
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.30 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_redis_cache.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/redis_cache) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_backup_configuration"></a> [backup\_configuration](#input\_backup\_configuration) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    frequency                 = number<br>    max_snapshot_count        = number<br>    storage_connection_string = string<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_capacity"></a> [capacity](#input\_capacity) | The size of the Redis cache to deploy | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_authentication"></a> [enable\_authentication](#input\_enable\_authentication) | If set to false, the Redis instance will be accessible without authentication. Defaults to true. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_non_ssl_port"></a> [enable\_non\_ssl\_port](#input\_enable\_non\_ssl\_port) | Enable the non-SSL port (6379) - disabled by default. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_family"></a> [family](#input\_family) | The SKU family/pricing group to use | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | The location of the resource group. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the Redis instance. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_patch_schedules"></a> [patch\_schedules](#input\_patch\_schedules) | n/a | <pre>list(object({<br>    day_of_week    = string<br>    start_hour_utc = number<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint"></a> [private\_endpoint](#input\_private\_endpoint) | (Required) Enable private endpoint with required params | <pre>object({<br>    enabled              = bool<br>    virtual_network_id   = string<br>    subnet_id            = string<br>    private_dns_zone_ids = list(string)<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_private_static_ip_address"></a> [private\_static\_ip\_address](#input\_private\_static\_ip\_address) | The Static IP Address to assign to the Redis Cache when hosted inside the Virtual Network | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled) | Whether or not public network access is allowed for this Redis Cache. true means this resource could be accessed by both public and private endpoint. false means only private endpoint access is allowed. Defaults to false. | `string` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_redis_version"></a> [redis\_version](#input\_redis\_version) | The version of Redis to use: 4 (deprecated) or 6 | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shard_count"></a> [shard\_count](#input\_shard\_count) | The number of Shards to create on the Redis Cluster. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name) | The SKU of Redis to use | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#input\_subnet\_id) | The Subnet within which the Redis Cache should be deployed (Deprecated, use private\_endpoint) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones) | Specifies a list of Availability Zones in which this Redis Cache should be located. Changing this forces a new Redis Cache to be created. | `list(number)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_hostname"></a> [hostname](#output\_hostname) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_location"></a> [location](#output\_location) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_port"></a> [port](#output\_port) | n/a |
| <a name="output_primary_access_key"></a> [primary\_access\_key](#output\_primary\_access\_key) | n/a |
| <a name="output_primary_connection_string"></a> [primary\_connection\_string](#output\_primary\_connection\_string) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_ssl_port"></a> [ssl\_port](#output\_ssl\_port) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat(redis): Added variable data_persistence_authentication_method (#349)
* added variable data_persistence_authentication_method

* minor fix

* pre-commit fixs

redis_cache/README.md, after:

# Redis cache

This module allows the creation of a redis cache

## How to use

```ts
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "redis" {
  name     = "${local.project}-redis-rg"
  location = var.location
  tags     = var.tags
}

## redisbase subnet
module "redis_snet" {
  source               = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//subnet?ref=v8.8.0"
  name                 = "${local.project}-redis-snet"
  address_prefixes     = var.cidr_subnet_redis
  resource_group_name  = azurerm_resource_group.rg_vnet.name
  virtual_network_name = module.vnet.name
}

module "redis" {
  count                 = var.redis_enabled ? 1 : 0
  source                = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//redis_cache?ref=v8.8.0"
  name                  = "${local.project}-redis"
  resource_group_name   = azurerm_resource_group.redis.name
  location              = azurerm_resource_group.redis.location
  capacity              = 1
  enable_non_ssl_port   = false
  family                = "P"
  sku_name              = "Premium"
  enable_authentication = true

  private_endpoint = {
    enabled              = true
    virtual_network_id   = module.vnet.id
    subnet_id            = module.redis_snet.id
    private_dns_zone_ids = [azurerm_private_dns_zone.internal_devopslab[0].id]
  }

  tags = var.tags
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | ~>3.30 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_private_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | resource |
| [azurerm_redis_cache.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/redis_cache) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_backup_configuration"></a> [backup\_configuration](#input\_backup\_configuration) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    frequency                 = number<br>    max_snapshot_count        = number<br>    storage_connection_string = string<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_capacity"></a> [capacity](#input\_capacity) | The size of the Redis cache to deploy | `number` | `1` | no |
| <a name="input_data_persistence_authentication_method"></a> [data\_persistence\_authentication\_method](#input\_data\_persistence\_authentication\_method) | (Optional) Preferred auth method to communicate to storage account used for data persistence. Possible values are SAS and ManagedIdentity. Defaults to ManagedIdentity. | `string` | `"ManagedIdentity"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_authentication"></a> [enable\_authentication](#input\_enable\_authentication) | If set to false, the Redis instance will be accessible without authentication. Defaults to true. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_non_ssl_port"></a> [enable\_non\_ssl\_port](#input\_enable\_non\_ssl\_port) | Enable the non-SSL port (6379) - disabled by default. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_family"></a> [family](#input\_family) | The SKU family/pricing group to use | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | The location of the resource group. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the Redis instance. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_patch_schedules"></a> [patch\_schedules](#input\_patch\_schedules) | n/a | <pre>list(object({<br>    day_of_week    = string<br>    start_hour_utc = number<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_private_endpoint"></a> [private\_endpoint](#input\_private\_endpoint) | (Required) Enable private endpoint with required params | <pre>object({<br>    enabled              = bool<br>    virtual_network_id   = string<br>    subnet_id            = string<br>    private_dns_zone_ids = list(string)<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_private_static_ip_address"></a> [private\_static\_ip\_address](#input\_private\_static\_ip\_address) | The Static IP Address to assign to the Redis Cache when hosted inside the Virtual Network | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled) | Whether or not public network access is allowed for this Redis Cache. true means this resource could be accessed by both public and private endpoint. false means only private endpoint access is allowed. Defaults to false. | `string` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_redis_version"></a> [redis\_version](#input\_redis\_version) | The version of Redis to use: 4 (deprecated) or 6 | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shard_count"></a> [shard\_count](#input\_shard\_count) | The number of Shards to create on the Redis Cluster. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name) | The SKU of Redis to use | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subnet_id"></a> [subnet\_id](#input\_subnet\_id) | The Subnet within which the Redis Cache should be deployed (Deprecated, use private\_endpoint) | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones) | Specifies a list of Availability Zones in which this Redis Cache should be located. Changing this forces a new Redis Cache to be created. | `list(number)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_hostname"></a> [hostname](#output\_hostname) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_location"></a> [location](#output\_location) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_port"></a> [port](#output\_port) | n/a |
| <a name="output_primary_access_key"></a> [primary\_access\_key](#output\_primary\_access\_key) | n/a |
| <a name="output_primary_connection_string"></a> [primary\_connection\_string](#output\_primary\_connection\_string) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_ssl_port"></a> [ssl\_port](#output\_ssl\_port) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
