virtual_network/README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.30.0, <= 3.38.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.38.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_address_space"></a> [address\_space](#input\_address\_space) | n/a | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ddos_protection_plan"></a> [ddos\_protection\_plan](#input\_ddos\_protection\_plan) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    id     = string<br>    enable = bool<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | The location/region where the virtual network is created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | The name of the resource group in which to create the virtual network. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_address_space"></a> [address\_space](#output\_address\_space) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

fix: Virtual network migration from v2 (#20)
* minor fix

* updated docs

* minor fix

virtual_network/README.md, after:

# Virtual Network

This module create a virtual network

## How to use

```ts
# vnet
module "vnet" {
  source   = "git::https://github.com/pagopa/terraform-azurerm-v3.git//virtual_network?ref=virtual-network-migration-v2"
  name                = local.vnet_name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.rg_vnet.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg_vnet.name
  address_space       = var.cidr_vnet

  tags = var.tags
}
```

## How to migrate from v2

Due to possible drift in state is possible that you need to delete the state for this resource and re-import

```sh
terraform state rm module.vnet.azurerm_virtual_network.this
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.30.0, <= 3.38.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 3.38.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_virtual_network.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_address_space"></a> [address\_space](#input\_address\_space) | n/a | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ddos_protection_plan"></a> [ddos\_protection\_plan](#input\_ddos\_protection\_plan) | n/a | <pre>object({<br>    id     = string<br>    enable = bool<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | The location/region where the virtual network is created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | The name of the resource group in which to create the virtual network. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_address_space"></a> [address\_space](#output\_address\_space) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
